Application KOHO: 
>> Why are you interested?
>> I have always wanted to start my software engineering journey in a data mining/scaling sector where I can also learn to grow and evolve. I am good at finding my way around but if I get stuck, I ask for help in trying to understand the root cause. I believe KOHO, as an evolving company has excellent resources that I can learn in the role in using tools like TypeScript, CSS, HTML, React. I have familiarized myself a bit with CSS, JavaScript and HTML, but am still learning about React and MongoDB, SQL databases. I am actively trying to learn more about these tools, and applying them in a real-life setting would help me gain more experiences.
>> Project I'm proud of:
>> I recently developed a small Java game using the swing library. It's not my most proudest project, but as someone who wanted to make games, making this taught me so much about how one can build so many amazing things with so little experience at hand. 

Application Motorola:
>> Cash Incentive
>> I have always wanted to start my software engineering journey in an evolving sector where I can also learn to grow and evolve. I am good at finding my way around but if I get stuck, I ask for help in trying to understand the root cause. I believe Motorola Solutions has excellent resources that I can learn in the role in using any procedural tools. I have familiarized myself a bit with CSS, JavaScript and HTML, but am still learning about React and MongoDB, SQL databases. I am actively trying to learn more about these tools, and applying them in a real-life setting would help me gain more experiences.

Application Lodlaw:
>> Cash Incentive
>> I am looking forward to learning and growing at this time, since this is my first internship/co-op opportunity. However, I'd love to work longer to have a year-end bonus incentive, but that's not necessary to me.

DESCRIPTION
>> BD Animal Welfare F

Dhaka, Bangladesh
▸ Advocated for responsible pet ownership through community outreach, creating a monthly average of 15-20 posters, brochures, flyers and using Adobe Creative Suit to educate and engage the community in improving the welfare of animals.
▸ Worked with teams of 5-7 consisting of mostly volunteers and certified veterinarians from all around the city to help rescue an average of 10-15 street animals predominantly dogs into allocated animal shelters each month.
▸ Participated in the treatment of an average of 5-10 injured or ill animals under veterinary supervision.

Skills and Tools: ● Team Collaboration ● Vetenary Treatment ● Adobe Illustrator ● Adobe Premier Pro 


>> SOF

▸ Operated the cash registrar of the store with 98x% incident free record.
▸ Worked in a team of up to 12 co-workers, adjusting activities to meet the daily needs of the store.
▸ Managed the stocking and cleaning of shelves and answering an average of 50 customer inquiries per shift, with a 96% satisfaction rate.
▸ Maintained accurate records of hundreds of restocked and transferred inventory items, ensuring the timely and efficient management of merchandise.

Skills and Tools: ● Point Of Sale (POS) System ● Cash Handling ● Inventory Stock, Management 

>>> T-Rex  											 Aug 2022 – Sep 2022

Originally designed and developed by Google as DinoGame, the aim of this project was to develop a Java runtime cross-platform application that can emulate the classic gameplay experience throughout Mac, Ubuntu, and Windows platform. 

▸ Implemented Java Stack library for an efficient game logic and performance.
▸ Utilized Java AWT and Swing libraries to create a cross-platform, dynamic and engaging user experience.
▸ Conducted extensive testing and debugging across platforms, ensuring optimal performance and reliability. 
▸ Actively contributed to open-source community with source code while designing and developing the game.

Skills and Tools: ● Java Swing/AWT ● Software Testing and Debugging ● Cross Platform Development ● Git / Bash

>>>>> University Of Victoria - Software Engineering

ADDITIONAL INFO: I am applying for my first co-op term, so I don't really have work experience related to my field of interest. However, with the right place and time, I am hoping to grow and learn more eventually.

